
## 6/24 Scrum call Action Items
* Need to assign a QA person/team with emphasis on mobile/responsive testing
* Need to develop checklist for Thursday night, including repo management work.
* Ideally want to tie back-end in today.
* Obtaining additional user interviews is a high priority for today
* Melinda and Rob wrote up a summary, could use review by others (but word count is tight at 750).
* We want to make the application usable to a "cold" user, and to publicize the URL more broadly.

## 6/23 Scrum call Action items
* Rob, Steve, Aaron, to meet with Melinda to take a look at writing needs
* Aaron to take a first pass at writing 3x 750 word overviews
* Steve and Rob to get back to Winvale after Melinda meeting with projected timeline for 1st draft 
* Henry and Aaron to work on Digital services checklist. Steve and Bill to meet to review checklist following Melinda call. 
* Team to meet following scrum for Sprint 1 retrospective and Sprint 2 backlog grooming
* Steve and Rob to update call note documentation on github
* Code freeze, prototype completion by EOD Thursday 
* Steve to contact Luke regarding blog post
* Steve to contact Dave N re: state of handoff from Owen

## 6/23 Scrum call Agenda items
* Report from Winvale meeting
* Digital services checklist
* Backlog grooming, Sprint 2 plan
* Github notes: user interview #2 (Rob), process doc and demo/legal call (Rob and Steve) 
* Backend update / AHRQ data
* Meeting with Melinda
* Sprint retrospective
* Demo of MVP
* Need to aim for Thursday Night completion
* Luke: blog post



## 6/22 Scrum call Action items 
* Ethan, Ron, Dan, Steve to meet with Tyson at 2pmET today. Steve to confirm that all have received Bluejeans invite. Steve to capture notes as Rob won't be there. Steve to post recording to github as before. 
* Sprint 1 declared ending today after user demo and legal demo. Steve to run budget actuals, and Henry and Steve to review tomorrow. 
* Sprint 2 ends EOD Wednesday and Sprint 3 with submission on Friday. 
* Rob to update github to reflect this and gather user stories that capture Sprint 2 work and requirements. 
* Greg, Henry, Ethan, Rob, Owen, Steve (and Dave as available) to meet 2pmPT today for demo and legal / privacy review. 
* Owen to contact Dave about replacing Fen as DevOps resource on this project. 
* Steve to contact Melinda about documentation work as suggested by Rob in agenda. 

## 6/22 Scrum Agenda Items
* Any further questions for today? Questions of subcontracting? 
* Sprint 1 schedule (and Sprints 2 and 3) 
* Review output of Friday mtg with Martha
* Check in on MVP progress [Ethan to present demo!]
* Ability to normalize data? 
* Budget doc and work for this week
* Confirming Fen, Greg, Melinda -- work for each role
* Interview with Tyson today [What time is this?  Is Tyson a Caregiver?]
* Review the "Caregiver" vs. "Consumer" decision and dichotomy
* Idea: Can we have Melinda review github or build an overall "Here is all of our work" documentation?

## 6/19 User Interview Action Items
* Team to work on modifying app as tool for health care providers, entering various drugs in a regimen, then shown common side effects ranked by rate of occurrence. 2ndary angle of app will be the "symptom first" general user centric approach we began building 
* Steve to upload call video to CivicActions youtube, link from github
* Ron to modify wireframes to reflect Martha's feedback 

## 6/19 Scrum Action Items
* Ethan to work on remaining steps to bring prototype into line with wireframes
* Steve to schedule user interview (Martha) for later this afternoon when prototype is ready. Steve to set up video taping this and other user interview calls. 
* Steve to schedule user interview (Tyler) following Martha call, or Monday
* Steve/Rob to create playbook checklist doc in github, as well as instructions for cross-referencing checklist to documentation
* Rob to create "questions" doc in github
* Team to post questions to this doc. Questions are due Monday 6/22. 
* Aaron and Henry to look at question of subcontractors as allowed by RFQ. Explore the idea of subbing with TP? Or open work up through BPA at a later date? 
* Steve to work up budget documentation, review with Henry and Rob
* Rob and Ron to co-work on getting wireframes logged on github (images? links to files themselves)? 
* Rob to create "user interaction" doc, including co-work with CivicActions team members not on stated project team. 

## 6/19 Scrum Agenda
* Plans for user interaction and feedback today
* Playbook checklists and Github log
* Get a questions doc started in github. Questions are due on Monday.
* Teaming partner vs. subcontractor. Door potentially open to subcontracting (Tomorrow Partners)
* Budget
* Can someone explain the trello -> github integration? To what extent are we tracking and documenting our work in trello, and to what extent should documentation all live in github? 
* How do we get balasmiq work onto github, or captured in github?
* User list, noting interactions

## 6/17 Scrum Agenda
* Coordinate with Martha and define her role
* Confirm roles / participation of full team
* Start defining "documentation" 

